README.md, before:

# Electroencephalogram-Project
This project is based around the construction and modifcation of an instructables DIY electroencephalogram aimed at providing communication via neural firing patterns using current AI strategies. The foundation of this project lies at https://www.instructables.com/id/DIY-EEG-and-ECG-Circuit/. Here you may find every aspect as to how to create the EEG yourself, and may help with understand every aspect of the foundation of this project as well.

## Getting started
1. Download Processing at https://processing.org/download/
2. Clone the repository and change your directory to repository
```
git clone https://github.com/cwnicoletti/Electroencephalogram-Project/
cd Electroenceophalogram-Project
```
3. Read initial comment block and line comments
4. Edit the code from whichever text editor you wish

## Libraries used
* [Serial](https://processing.org/reference/libraries/serial/index.html)
* [Minim](http://code.compartmental.net/minim/)

## Known Bugs
* Current trouble with frequency bars being displayed
* in.hasEffect() is a depreciated function
* Some filters are unused in the code
* Unsure if AbsoluteDataFlag is being triggered at all

## Licensing
The content of this repository is licensed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/cwnicoletti/Electroencephalogram-Project/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Added CONTRIBUTIONS link to README.md

README.md, after:

# Electroencephalogram-Project
This project is based around the construction and modifcation of an instructables DIY electroencephalogram aimed at providing communication via neural firing patterns using current AI strategies. The foundation of this project lies at https://www.instructables.com/id/DIY-EEG-and-ECG-Circuit/. Here you may find every aspect as to how to create the EEG yourself, and may help with understand every aspect of the foundation of this project as well.

## Getting started
1. Download Processing at https://processing.org/download/
2. Clone the repository and change your directory to repository
```
git clone https://github.com/cwnicoletti/Electroencephalogram-Project/
cd Electroenceophalogram-Project
```
3. Read initial comment block along with line comments

## Contributions
All contributions should be referenced to the [CONTRIBUTIONS](https://github.com/cwnicoletti/Electroencephalogram-Project/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) file before making a pull request.

## Libraries used
* [Serial](https://processing.org/reference/libraries/serial/index.html)
* [Minim](http://code.compartmental.net/minim/)

## Known Bugs
* Current trouble with frequency bars being displayed
* in.hasEffect() is a depreciated function
* Some filters are unused in the code
* Unsure if AbsoluteDataFlag is being triggered at all

## Licensing
The content of this repository is licensed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/cwnicoletti/Electroencephalogram-Project/blob/master/LICENSE) file.
